Add links to the source tutorials (#2632)
knative/docs: docs/eventing/sources/README.md

by different Custom Resources, this page provides an index of the available source resource types as
well as links to installation instructions.

> For details how to write an Event Source consult one of the following tutorials:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For details on how to write an Event Source consult one of the following tutorials:
```

* [Write an EventSource using ContainerSource](../write-event-source-easy-way)

> * [Write an EventSource Controller](../write-event-source)

Reviewer 2: Use "Event Source" throughout as per title, not "EventSource". Also I don't think there's any need to capitalize it generally

> * [Write an EventSource Controller](../write-event-source)

Reviewer 2: event source

> Below is a non-exhaustive list of Event sources for Knative.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The following is a non-exhaustive list of event sources that can be used with Knative:
```

> ### Inclusion in this list is not an endorsement, nor does it imply any level of support.

Reviewer 2: Move this to a proper **NOTE:** after the list?
